# 11056-website
 Code for front-end web


Developing a professional website using semantic HTML and responsive CSS was a challenging design projected. The challenge manifested into plenty of learning outcomes that tested prior knowledge of the unit's content.

From a design aspect, the web page needed to target an audience of people who are above the age of 20 with an interest in design, architecture and cultural heritage.  During the sketching step in the design process, I reasoned having an overall clean, minimalist design would emphasise the unique architecture of the building, appealing to those with that interest. An example is the hero content on the home page. The sketch of the building is powerful because it provides an insight into Boyd's style but also his design process. A good sketch is always appealing to those interested in design. Using a thin display typeface contrasts the brutalist architecture and leaves the page with plenty of breathing space. There was quite a lot of body text to get into each page. Having two text columns on the page helped the readability by keeping the number of words per line down. This structure also allowed for an easy grid layout. The final design simple and clean, appealing to those interested in design and architecture. 

The project was challenging and required both prior knowledge and new skills to complete. One of the more frustrating problems I faced was to split the webpage into two columns. At first, I thought it would be easy to float the content left and right. In practice, it was not easy. I had to research some CSS techniques on W3school.com as well as a couple of other sources to get my desired result.  From this, I learnt about the CSS 'clear' property and gained some more experience in when elements need to be floated or not. A second outcome was deepening my understanding of responsive web design. Having limited experience coming into this step during the development process, I was nervous and not at all confident. My already fragile confidence was shattered early when my media queries weren't working as I expected. After a bit of playing around and some googling, I realised t was as easy as switching the order of the two queries. After the process, I feel more confident and believe I could improve the responsiveness of my project if I had my time again. The project threw up a variety of challenges along the way that gave me a great opportunity to learn and develop my solutions. 

Completing the project was a positive experience because I was to learn a variety of skills to develop a professional website using semantic HTML and responsive CSS. 